Reaper
level 18 upgrade today I'm gonna be
installing our POS front rear shock
tower for the / Stampede and rally 4x4
these of course were donated to me by
coyote zero nine seven six thanks again
man and I'm gonna go ahead and start off
with the front shock tower the first
step is I need to take off the front
bumper it's held in with five screws two
on top and three on bottom after I pull
off the front bumper I've got ten screws
to remove I've got two to take out that
holds in the body mount two that hold in
the top of the shocks two more that hold
in the top of the camber links and then
a total of four screws around the diff
housing with all those screws out of the
way you can just pull out the old shock
tower now I'm gonna do a quick
comparison to the RPM one and as you can
see the RPM one is much beefier which is
very nice so let's go ahead and install
it all I have to do is slide it into
position
reattach the body mount the top of the
shocks the top of the camber links and
reinsert the four screws I go around the
diff housing with all those screws taken
care of you can go ahead and slide the
front bumper back in and reinstall the
five screws that hold it on to on top
and three on bottom
the processor replaced the rear shock
tower is nearly identical to the front
one just a couple of screws are in
different places first of all I need to
remove the wheelie bar it's held in with
five screws two on top two on bottom and
one in the rear and now we can go ahead
and pull off the rear bumper if the
aluminum plate falls off don't worry
about it it slides right back on and
just like with the front we have ten
screws to remove - for the body mount -
for the top of the shocks - for the top
of each chamber link and then for around
the diff housing with all those screws
out of the way we can pull out the rear
shock tower when I compare it to the RPM
one you can see a major difference with
the back one I mean guys it's just look
at how much beefier this thing is it is
not gonna break easily
let's go ahead and install it just slide
it in position I need to reinstall the
four screws that go around the diff
housing attach the top of the caber
links attached to the top of the shocks
and attach the body mount once that's
taken care of you can reattach the
aluminum plate if you took it off and
slide the wheelie bar back on remember
it's held in with five screws two on top
two on bottom and one in the rear here's
before and here is after guys I'm gonna
have to say at this point this RC is
nearly indestructible so thank you very
much Kyle zero nine seventy six for this
awesome upgrade but for now I'm done and
that was Reapers level 18 upgrade